Update the options' descriptions of the neo4j-admin commands according to the code (#1852)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore/restore-dump.adoc

|--from-path=<path>
|Path to directory containing archive(s).

> It is possible to load databases from AWS S3 buckets (from Neo4j 5.19), Google Cloud storage buckets (from Neo4j 5.21), and Azure buckets (from Neo4j 5.24).

Author: ```suggestion
It is possible to load databases from AWS S3 buckets, Google Cloud storage buckets, and Azure bucket using the appropriate URI as the path.
```
